---
title: "2 PM — Wednesday August 20, 2025"
date: 2025-08-20
tags: [transcript, en, deepgram, pradeep-bonde, meeting]
---

# 2 PM — Wednesday August 20, 2025

Source: https://stockbee.biz/meetings/2025/8/20/2-pm-1146/  
Backend: deepgram  
Date: 2025-08-20  

---

[00:19] Any surprise in the market you see?
[01:05] You know, it's amazing, like, in how, the mind works and how when you're in this field for a long time, how you're, like, in a complete, there is a sixth sense.
[01:20] Right?
[01:21] And I've, today morning, when I was driving to the office, my thing was, can look at it.
[01:27] These deep bars are going to take over.
[01:30] So whatever needs to happen is, like, gonna going to happen in the first half an hour or one hour.
[01:36] So all that I kept thinking was locking in profit, locking in profit, locking in profit.
[01:44] And I shouted at people also in the morning.
[01:46] Right?
[01:48] As a result, couple of dead bodies have left.
[01:51] One person got very offended.
[01:54] So he's left forever.
[01:56] I said, good.
[01:58] Right.
[01:58] And basically, so, but the thing is that this is a market where there is such a, difficult, like a consistent and persistent deep buying, right.
[02:09] And basically, it is having difficulty going up, but the persistent consistent deep buying is like basically, the thing basically.
[02:19] Right?
[02:19] Anyway, so but anyway, there is no this thing.
[02:23] Right?
[02:29] Kept bulk of the most of the profit from to today morning drop.
[02:34] So we'll see what happens.
[02:39] Yeah.
[02:39] They left a he sent a long email saying I'm, like, very you're shouting at people.
[02:45] That's a very rude behavior and all.
[02:47] I said, okay.
[02:47] Fine.
[02:50] What can I say?
[02:55] Okay.
[02:55] So let's do our work and go from there.
[02:58] I have only one stock in delayed reaction, basically.
[03:03] Right?
[03:03] And that is wolf.
[03:05] And I pulled up on the starter position, just a small position starter here because it was already showing green.
[03:11] Right?
[03:12] And so I just opened a starter position, but that's the only one we there I went through everything in delayed reaction, okay, all over again.
[03:21] And I just like have this one idea now.
[03:25] Right?
[03:25] Nothing else is there.
[03:27] And the worm every time we start the meeting, right, the worm get into frisky mode.
[03:34] Right?
[03:35] Now they want to have sex.
[03:38] See here.
[03:40] Start kissing each other.
[03:46] So we'll see what happens.
[03:48] Right?
[03:50] So let's do our work and look at e p 9,000,000.
[03:53] There is a relentless deep buying and which is understandable because, there is so much liquidity in the market.
[04:03] People are flushed with liquidity.
[04:05] Right?
[04:14] Okay.
[04:14] So success, Palantir, that's looking like a bullish reversal bullish open in media.
[04:29] Yeah.
[04:29] And the retail traders nowadays are different from the earlier retail traders who are inconsequential.
[04:35] Now retail traders are a group of people.
[04:37] Right?
[04:38] It's not one retail trader.
[04:39] It's like, they are a syndicate and they decide, okay, today we are going to go after Palantir.
[04:46] So, they just go all in that stock.
[04:49] I think this might work as a shot, but I don't want to get involved in Intel because there is too much noise in this stock.
[04:57] Right?
[04:58] And then there is no clear, like, an if something Trump, says, then it will again gap up.
[05:03] So I don't have a confidence in a stock like this.
[05:06] I just don't want to, but I think that might work.
[05:08] It's it's too late to shot also, like, and yesterday was a better setup, but there's no holding showing some life.
[05:20] Every single every single growth stock, every single growth stock ultimately ends up in the toilet of the market.
[05:31] Right, Ani?
[05:34] The best of the management cannot save a company beyond a point.
[05:39] You know, when I started trading, g g g was supposed to be the best stock in the market.
[05:47] Right?
[05:48] It is to consistently keep going.
[05:50] That guy, that GE CEO of that time, what was his name?
[05:54] Jack Welch or some that guy was considered like a god of management.
[05:58] Every company was hiring people from GE as their CEO, like Home Depot had, we Boeing had everything.
[06:05] Right?
[06:06] Today, what happened to CEO after, what happened to, this thing after that?
[06:16] In the long run, only companies which survive are liquor companies and tobacco companies.
[06:24] Everything else goes down the toilet.
[06:34] This, this might we might have to move this again back to delayed reaction kind of a thing.
[06:39] Right?
[06:41] But, that's like an yeah.
[06:44] Okay.
[06:45] Let me move it now only.
[06:47] I want to, like, rework my scheduling to so such a extent that delayed reaction, watch list also, I do it during the day rather than doing it in the night or in the morning.
[06:57] Right?
[06:57] Why waste your time?
[07:08] Look at any growth stock.
[07:10] Ultimately, it just like and it runs out of a pathway.
[07:16] Right?
[07:20] You know, in 1998 or '99 or 2000 or 2001 or 2002, I think, you know, which was the biggest winning stock for two years or three years in a row?
[07:34] Anybody?
[07:36] No.
[07:37] Not Cisco.
[07:38] Cisco had already topped out by 9899.
[07:43] Any Canadian here?
[07:47] Research in motion.
[07:49] RIM, RIMM, was the picker for that.
[07:52] Research in motion was like in a the start.
[07:55] Right?
[07:56] What happened to research in motion?
[08:07] Can you imagine, like, in a research in motion was, like, in a growing every quarter after quarter, it was doing so well That Apple phone came in and they said like in a they laughed at it saying, oh, this is not, like, buttons is the way to have and all.
[08:23] Now, where are they?
[08:25] But that's the history of most Canadian companies.
[08:28] Right?
[08:28] The Canadians, they come out with great ideas, but they cannot, sustain those ideas.
[08:34] Shopify.
[08:35] Right?
[08:35] I think Shopify is a Canadian company.
[08:45] This I am, like, in a tempted to take a shot at because it's a low risk kind of a play.
[08:50] Right?
[08:51] And, but, like, maybe worth taking a shot there with a small position sizing, not like the full position sizing up because I think that's like an apple is like an deserves to go down a lot.
[09:12] Run out of innovation pathway, but just a small position and starter, I'm going to take a lot of budget.
[09:19] Enough to pay for.
[09:24] Hopefully, those of you who are short from yesterday, you've locked in your profit and the easy money in the morning.
[09:34] Right?
[09:50] I locked in most of my profit before going to the gym.
[09:55] Right?
[10:02] Yes.
[10:02] I did take a position in Apple.
[10:14] Microsoft.
[10:18] How do you manage this from Saksl chart?
[10:21] There is no managing if you didn't like any I think any of this, more likely the next move will be bounce.
[10:27] Right?
[10:29] Four days this is where, like, in a three to four days sells moves are three to four days.
[10:35] Right?
[10:36] And I I think and it will do, like if you believe that it is going to keep going down, then it might be there.
[10:41] That might be the thing.
[10:42] Right?
[10:43] The more likely scenario to me means, like, you know, don't go by my scenario.
[10:46] You might have done your analysis, and that's why you are the more likely scenarios we again do a thing like this.
[10:54] Right?
[10:54] And it may not go anywhere.
[10:56] Like, look at this.
[10:57] This is my scenario on Saxel currently.
[11:01] Now, this is the scenario on Saxel.
[11:04] No amount of ten day moving average, fifteen day moving average, five day moving average is going to help.
[11:09] Right?
[11:09] And if this is what is likely to happen.
[11:12] Right?
[11:14] So it will just keep on doing this.
[11:16] So it just keeps on and it can keep on chopping like this for entire year, right?
[11:21] So, because, why I think like that is because, you see these semiconductor stocks which are negative catalyst also, they are not going down, right?
[11:30] Any I'm at all these stocks, right?
[11:32] They are missing earnings, right?
[11:34] They are just like going into, they are just not like getting sold.
[11:39] So, that's my reading but don't go by what I say.
[11:42] Like, if you have done your analysis, you are convinced that Soxil is going to the toilet.
[11:47] I would just put my stop, like, in at today's high and see.
[11:51] Right?
[11:55] Tesla.
[12:01] Did we go through everything or, like, I don't know what happened.
[12:04] I think and I need to start all over because we just get distracted by this thing.
[12:11] Copy.
[12:11] All symbols to e p 9,000,000.
[12:14] Right.
[12:14] And basically start all over.
[12:21] See here now?
[12:23] This thing is back, but, like and it's, 2.5.
[12:26] Right?
[12:26] And so it's not as much selling as, like, what was happening in the morning.
[12:29] Right?
[12:30] If it accelerates, like, and it will be different, but those days where one used to start like an s e selling and selling used to continue till end of the day has been abandoned, has been abolished.
[12:43] Right?
[12:45] Those of you are old timers might remember there is to be days, right?
[12:49] Once upon a time, long time ago, long long like, in the fairy tales they used to say, they used to start, right?
[12:56] Long long time ago there was a princess who used to stay in a castle.
[13:00] Right?
[13:00] And the same way, long, long time ago, selling used to start and it continue used to continue till 04:00.
[13:06] Right?
[13:09] Now that has been abolished.
[13:13] All day, right?
[13:14] I see, I used to see like in those days when you will get eleven hundred, twelve hundred, fifteen hundred, 4% breakdown and it will be like throughout the day selling, right, and if you there'll be, like, in a some little bit twenty minutes pause then selling will come in, people will go buy the dip, selling will come in and last one hour would be like massacre, right?
[13:37] Last one hour would be my soccer.
[14:02] And the thing in, that, 9899 bear market, there are days when it used to keep on happening like that.
[14:13] Right?
[14:13] And there are days when, like, in a there there was no buyer.
[14:16] There were just sellers.
[14:17] There was no buyer at all.
[14:19] It used to be just selling first, right?
[14:22] Complete selling like in a, same way 2008, 2009.
[14:25] Right?
[14:26] Especially the later part of 2000, 08/2009 bearish market.
[14:31] It used to be like, in a, literally That's why they finally, banned short selling, right?
[15:04] The day start we launches, AI based scanner is the day AI bubble will burst.
[15:20] EJ.
[15:21] Mhmm.
[15:22] I have a question about wolf when you are whenever is the right time.
[15:26] Yeah.
[15:27] Ask.
[15:29] So I think I mean, it kind of had a positive a little bit of positive date, but it's kind of aiding for the most part.
[15:37] Is that still in Dubai?
[15:41] I mean, I'm gonna No.
[15:43] So then why on it right now.
[15:45] So why are you buying it then?
[15:48] Just because I bought it, I bought a starter position.
[15:51] Right?
[15:51] No.
[15:52] No.
[15:52] No.
[15:52] I'm not buying it.
[15:52] I was just asking your opinion.
[15:54] I for me, it was just like it's gone positive.
[15:57] Right?
[15:58] So, I just want to try because, if I buy it today, when it is positive, right, and then maybe tomorrow it gaps up or something.
[16:06] Right?
[16:06] And, basically, and if it doesn't work, what is the worst case scenario?
[16:10] Right?
[16:10] And I'm going to lose not even, this thing.
[16:15] Right?
[16:16] And, basically so I just like in a because sometimes putting in a tracking position, your attention is at least on the stock.
[16:23] Otherwise, you forget about it.
[16:24] Right?
[16:24] And, basically.
[16:26] So Okay.
[16:30] Thanks.
[16:31] Oh, that's like a name.
[16:40] Copy.
[16:40] Flack to, newsletter.
[16:46] Right?
[17:10] Combination bullish, 151.
[17:13] Combination bearish is 356.
[17:16] So we should look at combination bullish.
[17:18] Right?
[17:20] So, again, like and I remember today morning, there's this one person who got very excited about the breakout in, J Julliard Science, right?
[17:34] What happened to that breakout?
[17:39] Tell me.
[17:41] Faded, right?
[17:42] Did it look like a perfect set up in the morning?
[17:48] So, the learning you have to really hammer this in your head, Do whatever you need to do, right?
[17:56] And I probably poke yourself with a knife or something, right?
[18:01] Even a good stock, good breakout, if the essay is says records are not going to work, it will be very difficult.
[18:10] Right?
[18:11] This is the learning which like and it took me three years to do.
[18:15] Three years.
[18:16] Right?
[18:17] I struggle like this.
[18:18] I used to buy records and they used to fade and then I used to like and I feel so miserable saying, what's wrong?
[18:24] Like, why isn't it working and all?
[18:26] Till I figured this out, okay, market plays a very important role, right?
[18:30] And that's like in a that's a very very, important learning And I think lot of you people need to have that learning because lot of you people have started trading in markets where, it has just been like in a really easy market to trade kind of a thing, right?
[18:47] So you never have experienced those kind of, market.
[18:51] So you are just like an used to just buying.
[18:53] Right?
[18:53] At some stage, right, at some stage this buying dip is not going to work.
[18:59] Right?
[19:00] And lot of people will get, this thing taken out of this game because they accustomed to buying dips.
[19:09] Right?
[19:12] I was watching one of the groups in which I am part of the group, right, and basically where they are discussing in the morning buying deep and they bought like Palantir.
[19:21] They are, like, so ecstatic.
[19:22] Those are people they are having orgasm currently.
[19:29] Because, they think like they have the superpower to keep just keep buying every one day.
[19:37] This is not going to work, right?
[19:38] And basically and go back and see 2008, 2009 history, there are billionaires from a billionaires, they became millionaire, right?
[19:50] And basically, because they keep buying the dips, right?
[19:54] I remember there was that, Kirk, Kirkovian or some guy who had made a big fortune in Las Vegas, right?
[20:02] And he kept buying that, Ford motor saying there is no way Ford can go or something and he ended up from become being a billionaire to millionaire, right?
[20:18] I think he bought GM also it went into bankruptcy.
[20:21] He bought Ford motors and Ford motors kept going down.
[20:24] And he said like, you know, there is no way and because of him people were also buying.
[20:28] So this deep buying till it works is a good strategy but at some stage when it stopped working right, all these people will be left holding the bag.
[20:42] I read the story of Kerkorian, right?
[20:44] And it should be there somewhere.
[20:46] You see how he's, pissed off all his fortune and that too in late age, right?
[20:51] He was like in eighties or something at that stage.
[20:54] Even at eighties, he could not control himself and he got the FOMO.
[21:02] And he was not the only billionaire, there are couple of other billionaire who became, millionaire because they kept buying the deep.
[21:18] Dialer general.
[21:19] Right?
[21:20] I mean, that's.
[21:21] Yeah.
[21:21] But, like and I don't think breakouts are likely to work right now, basically.
[21:27] At the moment.
[21:28] Right?
[21:28] And it might change tomorrow if there is a 600 plus day or 700 plus day.
[21:33] Right?
[21:33] Or a gap up and go.
[21:46] The market is a this is a brutal game.
[21:48] Right, Anna?
[21:51] If you lose your perspective, you can lose money in a blink.
[22:18] Stem.
[22:18] That's a perfect technology.
[22:21] Right?
[22:21] And I'm good breakout.
[22:22] But you see, the market is a problem for most of these things to me, like any other ways.
[22:37] It's not very difficult.
[22:38] You just have to train yourself.
[22:40] Right?
[22:40] And it's not impossible.
[22:42] Right?
[22:45] Lot of people, Stockbee members do that, like, in a, that Puneet and Mega, they are doing it.
[22:52] Like, and even if you know, old time Stockbee member who's still around like Komito, He only operates out of his watch list.
[22:59] Right?
[22:59] And he doesn't take a trade which is just randomly showing up in a scan.
[23:03] He only operates out of his, watch list.
[23:06] Right?
[23:08] Couple of other people are also there.
[23:10] Like that I know.
[23:16] See this again, research.
[23:18] This is like a continuation set up on us.
[23:21] A low price stock right now.
[23:38] Yeah.
[23:39] Watch list allows you to reduce FOMO, plus it gives you a time to think through trade, where are you going to put stop, are you going to take profit, what is your condition for taking profit, and so on and so forth.
[23:50] Right?
[23:52] But then you miss some opportunities also.
[24:15] Right.
[24:15] And I intel Tesla, Spy, Jackson here, Jamie Harding, Apple.
[24:26] I think I know that should work.
[24:29] Large stocks are getting sold.
[24:33] Oscar, UnitedHealth, Zeta.
[24:38] They're still out here.
[24:39] Now here see, we are not smart enough to understand what is the impact of earning.
[24:44] Today, EL earnings look like very bad, right?
[24:47] But the market is telling you that, they don't consider it too bad, right?
[24:50] This is where delayed reaction allows you to make money from, right?
[25:00] The cell RCX also like an x continuation from that thing.
[25:15] And this Alcon also was bad earning.
[25:17] Right?
[25:17] And, basically, now this is the kind of thing, but it didn't do 9,000,000 e EP or something.
[25:21] Right?
[25:22] So we don't know.
[25:24] Right?
[25:24] And, basically, one of the things, one of the stock we member has done after do we play doing delayed reaction for some months of, like, in a for a year or something is is, because in order to increase the number of setups, he has dropped the threshold from 9,000,000 to a lower threshold, but increase the, amount of, like, another it should be like another, volume search condition, which he has is three times the fifty day moving average if it should be.
[25:56] So there are many ways to skin the cat.
[25:58] Right?
[25:59] I think this model, this is a dead company working.
[26:03] Look at this sweet green.
[26:05] These restaurant stocks, they have bad earnings, but they are not going down.
[26:09] Right?
[26:09] And they are not really, like, any but this sweet green, I think, has terrible earnings.
[26:13] So maybe terrible in the sense of, like, in a considering the industry.
[26:20] Not terrible in sense of terrible.
[26:22] Right?
[26:34] Lock in profit on the short side.
[26:37] Short side profit can be ephemeral.
[26:45] So how much weight did you gain after eating everyday at SG?
[27:08] CRH.
[27:27] So I got number of leads on people who are willing to do the AI thing.
[27:31] So let's see what happens.
[27:34] The standard divert is also, like, you know, that's weak start, but, like, in a again, sometimes, like, you know, they just keep going into a range.
[27:42] Right?
[27:42] And, basically, what no.
[27:47] Sweetgreen is, like, some sort of a place where you get a just essentially a salad.
[27:52] Right?
[27:53] And, basically, different kinds of, isn't that how it is?
[28:00] There are yeah.
[28:01] It's a salad bowl.
[28:03] It's like in a, bunch of them are there in, New York City, Washington DC.
[28:10] All these places where people pretend to be health conscious.
[28:16] Yeah.
[28:17] Mostly women visited.
[28:18] Then Iraq, I think, and that might also follow through.
[28:21] Right?
[28:21] I see.
[28:28] And, Washington DC has lot of them and New York City has lot of them.
[28:33] That much I know.
[28:51] Oh, man.
[28:53] California, obviously, California means, like, how can these things may not will not be there in California?
[28:59] California is the mother of all these kind of crazy trends.
[29:02] Right?
[29:04] Almond milk, rice milk, cashew nut milk.
[29:11] You can't drink cashew nut milk or almond milk.
[29:15] Why are you drinking milk?
[29:16] Right?
[29:17] Why are you drinking milk?
[29:31] But I am not really I I had meal at Kava.
[29:34] Right?
[29:35] I was not impressed.
[29:36] Miss, I I don't see, like, anything, maybe I am, like, in a because I have so many vegetarian restaurant in my areas, and I'm used to better vegetarian food.
[29:46] But, like, I wasn't really impressed with Kava, at all.
[29:51] Right?
[29:51] And, basically.
[30:10] Unfortunately, in our area, there are so many vegetarian restaurant that you can go to a real Mediterranean restaurant.
[30:17] So why would you go to Kava?
[30:45] But I am a sample size of one, so young people are the one who go to all these places, and women women are the suckers for this kind of places.
[30:59] There's a French, this thing that, French chain which has opened that, what is it called?
[31:07] French baguette.
[31:07] Right?
[31:09] You'll all see, like, if you want to, like, get a date, you should go to French baguette.
[31:13] Right?
[31:13] Or you only see a woman there.
[31:14] Right?
[31:19] Dragging one of their boyfriend or somebody there, like, and you hardly see men there.
[31:23] Paris Baggett.
[31:24] Yeah.
[31:24] Paris Baggett.
[31:25] Right?
[31:26] Yeah.
[31:26] Paris Baggett.
[31:32] That rapid zone doesn't look good.
[31:35] It's crazy expensive.
[31:36] Right?
[31:36] For the kind of food, which is, like, it's crazy expensive.
[31:41] I agree.
[31:46] Yeah.
[32:07] I think the only thing which I like shot here is Apple.
[32:15] My pre work, that also looks like a 2.23.
[32:19] So that looks like a weak structure shot.
[32:21] Right?
[32:21] And, basically, what?
[32:22] Very, very low liquidity play.
[32:30] It's a South Korean chain?
[32:41] Wow.
[32:49] It's like, you see so many pizza restaurant nowadays.
[32:55] It's not even like and you don't even see one Italian in those places.
[32:58] Right?
[33:27] Come on.
[33:33] I didn't know that it was a South Korean thing.
[33:38] Sweet green.
[33:39] Tandem.
[33:56] So is there any point in even looking at anticipation setup here?
[34:01] No.
[34:01] Right?
[34:01] And because anticipation is hardly is not likely to work.
[34:04] Right?
[34:05] And, basically, those are the things, sweet green, tandem diabetes.
[34:13] Right?
[34:14] May work.
[34:15] Right?
[34:15] And then sometimes, like, again, if tomorrow the market gaps up, then, everything will become a problem.
[34:20] Right?
[34:21] But here, you have some set of ideas.
[34:59] All both side moves are very, like, in the market is, like, stuck in a place where the upside moves are also, like, not really very explosive, and the downside moves are not very explosives.
[35:10] Right?
[35:10] So you just have to adjust to the market.
[35:13] Right?
[35:14] You can only trade what the market gives you.
[35:19] Nothing much to do.
[35:21] Delayed reaction.
[35:23] So Wolf and BMMR has to so for this, I went through this entire thing, list of these stocks, which are in this condition, five seventy five.
[35:32] Right?
[35:32] And then, like, and I basically went through everything to find those two opportunities potential opportunities.
[35:39] Any questions?
[35:47] Learn to take profit, right, especially on the short side.
[35:51] It's very tricky short side, right?
[35:53] In the short side, you can have profit and like any you go to pee and come back and you'll see that your buy program has come in and your profit has vanished, right?
[36:04] It's, it's that brutal.
[36:05] It is really brutal, like in a look at Palantir today, right?
[36:11] Relentless, right?
[36:14] Just and then relentless $11 move, 7% move.
[36:20] Right?
[36:22] So that's the thing basically.
[36:25] Yeah.
[36:25] There'll be reversal bullish, but I'm not really sure those are going to work right and basically.
[36:44] I see.
[36:46] You see clearly what is happening is, like, in a these algorithms and all, they know, k, where people are shot or whatever.
[36:53] Right?
[36:53] And once they come, they keep buying.
[36:55] They keep buying.
[36:55] Right?
[36:56] They keep buying.
[37:03] Support and resistance is not my setup idea.
[37:06] Right?
[37:06] And it's not something which I'm like an I only trade what is my setup idea.
[37:11] Right?
[37:11] And, basically.
[37:17] If you are a trader who is, like, in a disturbing point brand, that looks like in a good thing there.
[37:23] I you have to yeah.
[37:26] That is very important.
[37:27] You have to know your lane.
[37:28] Right?
[37:29] You stick to your lane.
[37:30] I don't I cannot make money from support and resistance.
[37:34] I don't go there.
[37:35] Right?
[37:35] And asking me whether this is a good setup is means, like, how does my opinion matter in that case.
[37:42] Right?
[37:45] Because I am not an expert on it.
[37:47] Right?
[37:48] The same thing people keep asking me.
[37:50] One guy is bugging me on Twitter saying, hello.
[37:52] Can you give me something?
[37:53] How do I trade in Indian market?
[37:55] How do I know how to trade in Indian market?
[37:58] Right?
[37:58] I never traded in Indian market.
[38:00] I don't even know how the Indian market operates.
[38:02] I don't know.
[38:03] Same way some guy saying, oh, I want to join, but I only trade features market.
[38:08] I never traded feature.
[38:09] I don't trade features market.
[38:11] Am I expert on features market?
[38:12] No.
[38:14] Right?
[38:18] How do I avoid chasing gaps?
[38:20] Like, an a good example of, just two days ago, APLD.
[38:25] Right?
[38:26] Lot of people got into APLD.
[38:27] I told you.
[38:28] You look at it.
[38:29] I'm not even going to go because here is how you avoid gaps, right?
[38:36] How do you avoid gaps?
[38:37] You avoid gaps by making your rule saying, you look at it.
[38:43] I want to like and focus on, right, finding opportunities where my stop is 2.5% or less.
[38:54] Right.
[38:55] So when I see something, which is gapping up 16%, like what it was happening or like in a, by the time it is up 16%, there is no way it fits into my, risk reward equation.
[39:08] If it doesn't fit fit into my risk reward equation, right, let's say look at it, right.
[39:14] If I show you my Twitter, this thing, right.
[39:17] You cannot see it on the, you can only see that Twitter thing on the phone, right.
[39:22] And you cannot see it on the thing, but if you see my Twitter thing, right.
[39:27] Is full of means like an every single message, I am so popular amongst girls, you will not believe right Anay.
[39:35] There is like almost like anay, if you can see right and basically, you see, every single one of these woman has sent me a message saying hello, I read your profile.
[39:54] I think you're great.
[39:55] I'm 35 year old beauty.
[39:57] Hello.
[39:58] Nice to meet you.
[39:59] Right?
[39:59] And all these woman.
[40:00] Right?
[40:01] But am I going to be, like, an egg going into that lane?
[40:04] Because that's not my lane.
[40:05] Right?
[40:08] So you have to decide what you want to focus on, right?
[40:13] FOMO is lot of part of this whole idea you chasing gap ups and FOMO is really a question of, again, FOMO is primarily a beginner trader problem also.
[40:27] Because they don't believe that if you stay in your lane, you can make money, right?
[40:31] And basically, you can make a lot of money being in a small lane or doing something like, the stocks which are, like, in a very slow mover by doing size and all.
[40:41] Right?
[40:42] So, you have to the solution to this problem is there is no artificial solution which is going to help.
[40:49] Like, you know, you tying your hand or something is not going to help.
[40:51] Right?
[40:52] What is the solution to this problem?
[41:02] Reflection.
[41:04] Right?
[41:05] Reflection, mind clarity.
[41:07] Reflection will bring mind clarity.
[41:10] So at some stage, you know, like, can you get this reflect on it.
[41:15] Why am I go on a work?
[41:17] Right?
[41:17] I'll go to Himalayas or go to the mountains of, like, Tibet and reflect on this question of, like, in a to be to formal or not to formal.
[41:26] Right?
[41:29] Is it possible to make money with a low risk?
[41:31] Is it possible if I focus on this kind of a stocks which are not like in a very sexy and like in a say Apple.
[41:38] Right?
[41:39] What's your risk if you shot it here now?
[41:42] It's less than 1.86%.
[41:43] Am I going to be putting my stop at 1.86?
[41:47] No, right?
[41:47] I'm going to put my stop at half of this risk.
[41:50] So, what is my risk?
[41:51] Point 9%, right?
[41:56] So, think about it.
[41:58] Lot of changes we can make in ourselves, like, we have to change ourselves in order to become better trader.
[42:04] Right?
[42:05] Do you agree?
[42:06] Do you people agree that you need to change yourself, in order to be a better trader.
[42:11] Right?
[42:11] How do we change ourselves?
[42:13] Like, you ask this question, to yourself.
[42:17] How can I change myself?
[42:18] Right?
[42:20] How do you change yourself?
[42:21] Not in trading, but anything else in your life.
[42:23] Right?
[42:24] How do you change yourself?
[42:26] You change yourself in order to change yourself right or our behavior right.
[42:30] Say like in a I met a person yesterday and we are discussing just like I was in the gym and I was discussing, and, like, in a, I was talking to, right, and then we were talking, right?
[42:45] And that person told me, like, in a For, like, her first thirty years of her life Right?
[42:54] Was all about eating steaks, and that too, like, many time rare steaks, and then, like, in a potatoes.
[43:05] She had never even tasted many of the vegetables.
[43:07] Right?
[43:07] And, basically and now she's like in a completely like in a she she is what is called as a piscatarian or something.
[43:15] She only eats fish and veggies.
[43:18] Right?
[43:18] And fish is the only meat we see.
[43:20] So, I said how how did this happen?
[43:22] Right?
[43:23] So, what happened was like in a, at some stage, right, when she was 32 year old or something, right, and basically or foot, something, She got, severe stomach cramps and then, like, when she went to the ER room and all, they said like, you know, what did you have three or four days ago?
[43:51] She had a rare steak and all that, right.
[43:53] So, as a result of this, new information where the doctor told her, she said like the doctor, the ER doctor told her, right.
[44:04] You look at a, when you eat a rare steak, it sits in your, stomach for three, four days, right.
[44:10] It doesn't pass because it is not digested and all.
[44:13] So, that new information made her reflect on her life.
[44:18] Till that time she had never, right?
[44:20] Now, something new information makes us change our, view about things, right?
[44:29] And are you go, like, and you travel somewhere, you see something, or you meet somebody.
[44:35] So new information changes or beliefs.
[44:38] Right?
[44:40] Sometimes your belief change because of reflection.
[44:43] Right?
[44:43] You reflect on it.
[44:48] You start reflecting.
[44:49] This happens to a lot of adult people.
[44:51] Right?
[44:51] And then once you start getting, like, any, for for, like an I do a lot of this kind of work with people nowadays, like, in a basically outside of, this start with communities.
[45:01] Right?
[45:01] And so people approach me.
[45:03] So I was talking to some woman who's approaching her fifties.
[45:07] Right?
[45:07] So she came to me for her career related thing, the leadership kind of a thing.
[45:12] And we are talking to her and then, like, she said, by the way, there is another problem I am thinking a lot about these days.
[45:18] Right?
[45:18] And which is I am 50 year old, but I don't have a house and I don't have a major saving.
[45:25] Right?
[45:26] So, now, I want to like it.
[45:28] Now, the reflection has changed because you reflected, right?
[45:32] So, same thing in trading.
[45:34] It's no different.
[45:36] Trading is no different from our real life, right?
[45:39] Somebody in your house supposing gets, like, in a sick with some after drinking Celsius.
[45:45] Right?
[45:46] What will you do?
[45:51] You will say, I'm never going to drink Celsius.
[45:53] Right?
[45:54] So information, new information or new experience or reflection is what changes belief.
[46:00] Now, supposing today, you are coming into this market, right?
[46:03] And you are fully shot and you had, like, say, 80,000 profit.
[46:07] Right?
[46:08] And then you didn't take the profit.
[46:10] And now you look at your thing and you have only 12,000 left.
[46:14] Right?
[46:14] And basically.
[46:15] Now this experience, if you reflect on it, next time you will say hey, next time I'm not going to, I'm just going to, lock in my profit, right?
[46:25] Three, four times this happened to me.
[46:28] Lot of time it has happened to me on the short, right?
[46:30] I would be short and the stock would gap down and it opened lower and all, and I would not lock in my profit.
[46:36] And next, you know, so, once this happens three, four times, what do you do?
[46:50] You immediately learn from this experience.
[46:53] And next time you say next time.
[46:55] Right?
[46:57] I'm not going to be making the same mistake.
[46:59] Right?
[47:00] And, basically so bunch of mechanisms through which we change our behavior.
[47:06] But all those mechanisms come down to one thing, and all these mechanism ultimately end up in what?
[47:13] All these mechanisms ultimately end up in we changing our beliefs about certain things right.
[47:21] And when we change belief, like lot of people have belief right and it is a belief.
[47:26] Let profit run right.
[47:28] Let profit run is a belief, right?
[47:32] And taking quick profit is also a belief.
[47:35] So once your belief changes, then your behavior changes.
[47:38] Can your behavior change without your be belief changing?
[47:42] Tell me.
[47:43] Is it possible to change your behavior without changing your belief?
[47:48] It's not.
[47:50] First is belief change, right?
[47:52] Behavior changes only if belief changes.
[47:55] Right?
[47:55] There is no way.
[47:56] You cannot change your behaviour on a long term basis.
[48:00] Right?
[48:00] Once in a while you might, do something.
[48:03] Right?
[48:03] But, your behaviour cannot, like, any unless your belief change your behavior cannot change and to change belief what do you need?
[48:13] You need new information, right?
[48:15] You need like any reflection, you need to like have the ability to look at things and digest new way of doing things.
[48:26] Right?
[48:27] There is yeah.
[48:28] That's the only way, like, how our belief change?
[48:31] Beliefs are, changed through a deep dive or you follow somebody, right?
[48:37] Following somebody also like an is a way of changing your belief, right?
[48:41] And, I mean, you start blindly following somebody, you just imbibe their belief system.
[48:45] That's one of the ways, right, basically.
[48:48] But this is the equation the belief drives behavior and beliefs in order to change belief what do you need to do?
[48:58] You need to keep offering a stimuli information, stimuli.
[49:03] You need to challenge people.
[49:04] Right?
[49:05] And I challenged people today morning.
[49:08] I shouted at you people.
[49:09] For what reason did I shout at people?
[49:15] It was a stimuli right.
[49:17] I gave you people a strong stimuli saying, look guys, you need to really think about locking in your profit right, that is a stimuli.
[49:24] As a result of that stimuli, some people believe changed, right?
[49:30] And, as a result, your behaviour changed.
[49:33] So, this is not this is a cycle which never going to change.
[49:38] So, if you have a FOMO, if you have anything, how do you change that?
[49:41] You have to reflect.
[49:43] You have to change your belief, right?
[49:45] And that's why there is a famous German philosopher who said there is no problem in your life which cannot be solved by walking, right?
[49:56] Right?
[49:59] So, why what was what did you mean by, like, no problem in life cannot be solved by walking?
[50:05] Is when you walk, you reflect, right?
[50:11] And this means this is the fundamental of changing people's behavior, right?
[50:18] You can change people's behavior by changing their belief.
[50:21] And when you change their belief, right, and basically, if they act on that belief, right, I'm working with some, somebody, like, I'm working with a woman who's, like, in a, works for a company, good company, or, like, in a design company.
[50:34] And she's, like, doing very well in the company, but her salary hasn't gone up.
[50:39] Right?
[50:39] Her salary has been stagnant for last five years.
[50:42] And I worked with her to the belief system was a problem.
[50:46] Right?
[50:46] Her belief is that her boss is very good.
[50:49] Right?
[50:49] And her boss is very like, she's in blindly in love with her boss, not in love in romantic sense, but, like, that guy is such a charismatic and he keeps talking to her and giving her this false hope.
[51:03] Right?
[51:03] Five years, her salary has not changed.
[51:05] I said, like, look.
[51:06] Because you keep believing in whatever bullshit is telling you, But look at the reality of your salary and you are approaching 50 and this is what it is, right?
[51:15] And then if you go in the market, you'll probably get a salary of half 1,000,000, right?
[51:19] But because of your belief, you are just like in a.
[51:22] So, after multiple conversations, right, she finally started like in a sending out like in a, made her LinkedIn profile and like started, responding to headhunters and all.
[51:37] And today, she sent me an email, like, in a message just now, just before this meeting saying that she's meeting somebody, for a job.
[51:45] Right now, why didn't this happen for five years?
[51:48] Tell me.
[51:53] Because our belief was the best is to stay in one company.
[51:56] Right?
[51:58] And if I stay in this company, I'll go up.
[52:00] Right?
[52:01] So you have to change belief.
[52:04] And everybody who's in trading, right, you have a lot of beliefs.
[52:10] Right?
[52:10] You have a lot of beliefs.
[52:14] Right?
[52:15] When people say don't buy stocks below two hundred day moving average, right?
[52:21] Is that a reality or it is based on a belief?
[52:28] In last one week, most of the stocks which made moves, where stocks which are trading below their two hundred day moving average, right, CRM, Adobe, they're all trading below their two hundred day moving average.
[52:41] Right?
[52:42] But there is a very strongly held belief in the market saying nothing good happens below two hundred day moving average, right?
[52:51] Yeah, the whole thing about moving average is a belief.
[52:57] Have I read the book on self efficacy by Albert Bandura?
[53:00] Yes.
[53:00] But I'm not recommending you to read a book by Albert Bandura on self efficacy belief because it is not a readable book.
[53:07] It's aimed at practitioners.
[53:09] It's aimed at PhD student.
[53:11] It's not something which you can, like, start reading and it will make sense to you.
[53:14] Right?
[53:15] It's, it's a very didactic, it's written in a very clinic, he's not talking to you and me.
[53:23] Right?
[53:23] He's talking to psychologist.
[53:24] He's talking to psychology student.
[53:26] He is, like, talking to PhD student.
[53:29] So his language, you'll struggle to even understand what they are talking about, agentic behavior.
[53:34] Now if you hear agentic behavior, what does what how what will you do understand by agentic behavior?
[53:41] Right?
[53:43] So I'm not recommending just, the ideas of humor is what you need to understand, right, and basically so we have a lot of beliefs right about, like, any my belief is stocks moving momentum burst.
[53:57] Right?
[53:59] Now this is a belief.
[54:00] Right?
[54:02] Up three to five days.
[54:04] Because I have a strongly held belief in this, what do I do?
[54:07] I take profit on third at our fifth day.
[54:10] Right?
[54:11] Now if somebody who doesn't have this belief, they come in.
[54:15] Right?
[54:16] Are they going to do the same thing?
[54:23] Right.
[54:23] But yeah.
[54:24] Means, once you change your belief change.
[54:26] Right?
[54:27] Your belief change, then you can see three to five day.
[54:29] Right?
[54:31] So lot of beliefs which you have, you need to challenge those belief.
[54:40] Like an app there there is I have a belief that I should not chase.
[54:45] I should not even pay attention to gaps unless I know the reason for it.
[54:50] And if I'm going to be, like, anyway buying a gap, what how am I going to buy a gap?
[54:59] I'm gonna buy a gap as an OPG.
[55:01] Right?
[55:04] So that's my belief.
[55:06] Right?
[55:06] So I don't end up chasing gaps.
[55:08] I we if I need to get into a gap, it will be an OPG.
[55:12] Now, obviously, there is a huge debate on this OPG on this site, right?
[55:17] There are people who believe that OPG is not the right way to do it and there are people who believe opening range breakout, right?
[55:24] That's again a belief, right?
[55:27] And then that belief drives those people's behavior.
[55:32] Sometimes I keep the runner, but, most of the time, unless there is a reason for me to keep the runner three to five days and I'm out of that position.
[55:41] Right?
[55:41] And, basically, that means if I buy an EP or something which has a clear catalyst, that is not a trade which is based on moment to most.
[55:48] Right?
[55:48] And so or news moves stocks.
[55:51] Right?
[55:57] This is a fundamental belief of mine.
[56:02] And as a result of this, all these setups like ships, EP, delayed reaction EP.
[56:12] They're all based on that belief.
[56:13] Right?
[56:14] Now if you don't believe that and you believe that, k, look, everything is priced into the chart, you will not pay attention to news.
[56:21] Right?
[56:22] But news moves stocks.
[56:23] This belief, once you form that belief, is going to change your trading.
[56:28] Right?
[56:30] And this that is the, one of the reason why lot of day traders do not make money is they are just trading charts, right?
[56:42] While most of the good day traders are the people who are making millions of dollar day trading, what are they trading?
[56:52] News.
[56:53] Right?
[56:54] They are trading news using chart, but they're not putting the horse, like, you know, putting the cart in front of the horse and saying, can you look in a chart is everything.
[57:06] Right?
[57:07] News.
[57:07] Right?
[57:07] And I it means, if you see that, Lance Bernstein and all these people, what are they what are they saying?
[57:14] Right?
[57:14] And they are saying the same thing.
[57:16] News.
[57:16] Right?
[57:17] There has to be a news.
[57:18] News makes the difference.
[57:20] Right?
[57:20] There are some news on Adobe here.
[57:23] Right?
[57:23] Earnings.
[57:24] As a result of this, this stock went down.
[57:26] Right?
[57:27] There's a news here.
[57:27] Earnings.
[57:28] As a result of this, this stock went down.
[57:30] Right?
[57:30] There's a news here where it missed earnings.
[57:33] The stock went down.
[57:34] Right?
[57:34] There's a news.
[57:35] First time it missed earnings.
[57:37] You can see earnings there.
[57:38] Right?
[57:39] There's a news.
[57:40] The stock made a move.
[57:41] Now you can also explain this as a chart pattern.
[57:45] Right?
[57:45] But is it a chart pattern or is it because of the news that this chart pattern was created?
[57:55] Now, somebody whose heart died into, like say here, this is where the chart GPT and all those people started or mid journey was launched or something, right.
[58:06] And then the stock kept going down.
[58:08] Now that was a news catalyst.
[58:10] Right?
[58:11] So, again, if you change your belief system, right, and then things will happen.
[58:20] Right?
[58:21] You can see that in the post which I made on the AI thing.
[58:24] Right?
[58:25] People are telling me it is not possible.
[58:27] You need these.
[58:28] That that is their belief.
[58:29] Right?
[58:30] My belief is that it is possible to use AI to create some sort of a scanner which will give me only four or five ideas.
[58:38] Like I did this work, right?
[58:40] I spent like in a one hour doing this work.
[58:43] If AI is supposed to be like in a what people are hyping it up to be, it should give us this output in one minute.
[58:49] Right?
[58:51] We don't have to go through 600 chart to look find this for, seven opportunity.
[58:57] That's what like in a they are telling us or that's what they are selling us.
[59:00] You look at it.
[59:00] That's what AI is supposed to do.
[59:02] Right?
[59:04] So again, it's a belief, right?
[59:06] So, if you are having a problem of FOMO, if you are having a problem of chasing gaps, you have to examine your beliefs about gaps.
[59:16] Right?
[59:16] The only good gaps is the one which you create.
[59:19] Right?
[59:19] OPG is the good gap which you create.
[59:29] Right.
[59:30] So think about it.
[59:31] Right?
[59:37] So new information.
[59:40] How do you change your trading and, like, an either a good experience or a bad experience changes or belief.
[59:46] Right?
[59:49] And here is the thing about, research in psychology shows that what changes people believe faster?
[60:08] Bad experience changes believe faster.
[60:16] Like, say, today morning, right, if I had come in and said, hey, listen, people, very nicely, I'm telling you that please, please make sure that you put stops or you just like in a basically make sure that you lock in your profit.
[60:33] You're so good.
[60:35] You're so nice people.
[60:36] Right?
[60:36] And I basically, using my gay voice if I had said this.
[60:40] Right?
[60:40] How many people would have gone and done that?
[60:44] As against that, I came and shouted at you people saying that you're all dead and you're not even listening and all.
[60:50] Right?
[60:50] Now did that helps people change people's behavior?
[60:58] Right.
[61:00] So why do you think, means this has been studied.
[61:07] Right?
[61:07] This has been studied.
[61:08] Why do you think?
[61:41] On September 30, that recruits would do, but now your thing that we do as drill was to help even train them even harder.
[61:55] So this thing, right?
[61:57] Why do they do it that way?
[62:00] You know, there is a course, they are taught how to do it, right?
[62:04] They are like an they are made that way.
[62:08] Because it's the most effective way they found right?
[62:10] They found the most effective way to change people's belief and behavior is to shout at them.
[62:17] They've spent millions of dollar researching this.
[62:22] Right?
[62:23] It's very effective and that's why they use it, right?
[62:29] Sit up straight and look at me right now.
[62:31] Hi, sir.
[62:32] My name is Staff Sergeant Payne, and I am your senior drill instructor.
[62:36] I'm assistant of my duties by drill instructor, Staff Sergeant Villalobos, and drill instructor, Staff Sergeant King.
[62:44] Our mission is to train each one of you to become a United States Marine.
[62:49] A Marine is characterized as one who possess the highest of military virtues.
[62:53] He obeys honors, respects his seniors, and strives constantly to be the best in everything that he does.
[63:00] Discipline and spirit are the hallmarks of a Marine.
[63:04] Each of you can become a Marine if you develop discipline and spirit.
[63:10] We will give every of the train you, even after some of you have given up.
[63:15] So imagine like in a that is how they start, right?
[63:19] As soon as you enter, you are like just thrown.
[63:21] So you are like every single belief, every single one of them, they just destroy you right away before they build you back, right?
[63:28] Instead of this, they got Kim Kardashian to come in and say, hello.
[63:33] You have come to the marine instructor thing.
[63:36] You're going to become great marine.
[63:38] Do you think these people will become marines?
[63:40] Tell me.
[63:43] Right?
[63:49] And that is the thing.
[63:51] In order to build traders also, somebody has to shout at you.
[63:55] Right?
[63:55] But if you do that, obviously, you get a bad reputation.
[63:58] Right?
[63:58] And I miss I get a bad reputation.
[64:02] Right?
[64:02] And if I try and use the effective techniques to do this.
[64:13] Right.
[64:15] So bad experience changes belief faster.
[64:19] Right?
[64:19] You lose money, you are going to change faster.
[64:22] Then you make money if you may has a good experience.
[64:25] You just like an okay.
[64:26] You feel good about it.
[64:28] Right?
[64:28] So you don't change your behavior.
[64:31] In order to be a bad experience, kick kicking, you get kicked, you get insulted, right?
[64:38] Then what happened?
[64:40] You get shouted.
[64:42] Then you are it hurts your ego.
[64:45] And when something hurts your ego, what you decide is key.
[64:48] This guy says that I don't know anything about delayed reaction.
[64:52] If I'm going to prove it to him, I'm to go and do a deep dive and I'm going to prove it to him.
[64:57] I'm going to make 1,000,000, and then it works.
[65:00] Right?
[65:01] You don't forget your insults.
[65:03] So, yeah, you can change people's behavior.
[65:07] You can change people be be believe by being good also, but it's more effective to be bad.
[65:16] And, obviously, if you try and do this, you get a very bad reputation, right, amongst people or people think that, k, you're just shouting at, like, new people who just signed the site and they're just asking a nice and question.
[65:30] Right?
[65:30] But if you don't shout at them, next time they'll keep, like, and asking those innocent question.
[65:35] They will never learn to do this on their own.
[65:37] Right?
[65:39] So all our problems in trading boils down to beliefs.
[65:48] And many times, we are not aware of our own beliefs.
[65:51] Right?
[65:52] Once we become aware of our beliefs, then we can change our belief by bringing in new information or, like, say, you do a deep dive.
[66:00] Right?
[66:00] And, basically, and then you see after a deep dive that, hey.
[66:04] This really is three to five days is something which really I can see.
[66:08] Right?
[66:09] That's going to change your belief.
[66:10] If that belief changes, then what are you going to do?
[66:12] You're going to be buying this stock on this day and selling it on fourth day.
[66:16] You're not going to be putting in ten day moving hours, twenty day moving hours as a stop.
[66:20] Right?
[66:25] Right.
[66:26] So, if your question is getting ignored, there is a reason because your question may not be worth getting involved into.
[66:34] Right?
[66:34] And, basically, I like, and when I read many emails, I don't even respond to those emails.
[66:39] I know there is no point in me even responding to this email.
[66:43] Right?
[66:53] Now here is the challenge.
[66:54] Right?
[66:54] In all seriousness, here is the challenge.
[66:56] Right?
[66:58] To do this on your own without a facilitator or somebody who tells you what is wrong or something, how difficult is the task?
[67:06] Very few people who are highly motivated and who are like crazy, then can go and do this on their own.
[67:14] Right?
[67:24] So the it's a that's the challenge of this business.
[67:27] Right?
[67:27] And, like, there is and this is a challenge in a corporate life also.
[67:34] Right?
[67:34] And if people want to be a molecule, people want to be treated well.
[67:37] I understand that.
[67:38] But, like, in a real change in organization also requires you to shout at people.
[67:42] Right?
[67:45] So but it is a thankless job if you shout at people, you get like in a bad reputation also.
[67:52] So, there are both sides to it.
[67:54] These people are trained.
[67:56] These marine instructors, there is a course, right?
[67:59] And a marine instructor course where where they are told how to use their voice, how to use their body language, how to and they never physically touch you, right.
[68:08] You will see one thing.
[68:10] If you see, they are not allowed to physically touch the trainee.
[68:14] Right?
[68:15] But how much do they intimidate using language?
[68:21] Sometimes they do, but they are not supposed to.
[68:23] Right?
[68:26] They are not supposed to.
[68:30] They do, right?
[68:33] They are not supposed to, but they are like all things, right?
[68:36] And, so many things happen in organization, which are not you are not supposed to date your coworker, right?
[68:44] Or you're not supposed to date your junior person, but people do end up doing that.
[68:49] But they are taught not to do that and to use their voice.
[68:54] It's all about body language and voice and the frequency of shouting and, like, how you build up the tension.
[69:03] That's what they are.
[69:04] I watched a lot of videos on that.
[69:06] Right?
[69:06] And I watched a lot of videos on that, basically.
[69:09] Just to, like, and I learn the techniques of how to do that, like this thing.
[69:14] Yeah.
[69:15] Yeah.
[69:16] But like any, if you are like any a trainee in my, in my office trying to learn trading, and if you bought something on second or third day, I would also do the same thing.
[69:28] Right?
[69:34] Right?
[69:35] And then you'll make millions of dollars because you're in America, so you'll sue me, for harassment or something, and then you'll become very rich.
[69:43] Right?
[69:45] Okay.
[69:46] I will see you people tomorrow, right, and, basically?