---
title: "9 AM — Wednesday January 29, 2025"
date: 2025-01-29
tags: [transcript, en, deepgram, pradeep-bonde, meeting]
---

# 9 AM — Wednesday January 29, 2025

Source: https://stockbee.biz/meetings/2025/1/29/9-am-867/  
Backend: deepgram  
Date: 2025-01-29  

---

[00:19] Okay.
[00:20] Let's wait couple of minutes for people to come in, and then we can start.
[00:56] Okay.
[00:57] Over to you, Judy.
[01:00] Morning, EG.
[01:02] My essay this morning is cautious with today's Fed meeting, which is largely anticipated to pause easing.
[01:07] However, we will wait to see if the Fed factors tariffs into their policy decision with Trump's February 1 announcement looming, which could cause volatility.
[01:17] Market monitor had a slight green day following Monday's sharp pullback with the primary indicators turning green while the secondary indicators turn red signaling caution.
[01:27] T2108 declined from 46.78 to 44.43 indicating some weakness and the 20% study leans bearish with just over a one to one ratio of bearish versus bullish stock.
[01:40] Selling in high priced stocks continued.
[01:43] The VIX came down and markets recovered somewhat after Monday's sharp sell off on news of DeepSeek.
[01:50] Looking at TNA and IWM both closed positive.
[01:53] The Dow had followed through to the upside and the Nasdaq and S and P both closed green with positive range expansion recovering some of Monday's losses.
[02:02] Crypto stocks traded lower with Bitcoin.
[02:05] Overall, my plan of action is slow and deliberate risk taking on a plus quality SIPs and delayed reaction setups, selling into strength and peeling to account for any potential pullback in the short term.
[02:18] Okay.
[02:20] Okay.
[02:21] No change as far as I am concerned.
[02:23] Also, I have the similar kind of a situational awareness.
[02:26] I'm bullish, like, in the sense because there are breakouts lot of breakouts happening yesterday, right, in a week.
[02:32] So, there will be there is a checkout which is happening in the AI space.
[02:36] It will be volatile, but, there are I mean, it's like an you can trade broken stocks.
[02:44] Right?
[02:45] To me, all these AI stocks are now broken currently.
[02:49] Okay?
[02:50] Can you make money if you're a day trader and all?
[02:52] Yes.
[02:53] But isn't there a better opportunity on stocks which are not broken?
[02:58] Right?
[02:59] Means, yeah.
[03:00] You can, like, continue to get fascinated.
[03:03] It's like, you know, you're continuing to get fascinated with your ex girlfriend while the world has moved on.
[03:10] Right?
[03:10] And, basically so there's a lot of this fascination with these stocks, which are, like, in a got beaten down, like in a dropped, yeah, last time.
[03:20] Right?
[03:21] But you have stocks which are like this.
[03:24] This is not a broken chart.
[03:25] Right?
[03:27] You have stocks which are like this, which are starting a fresh move.
[03:31] Right?
[03:32] So would you rather focus on something which is broken and there might be a lot of volatility, or do you want to focus on something which is starting a a new move kind of a thing?
[03:43] Because there are a lot of these, like, in a year yesterday, I was, like, in a full of many of these, kind of stocks which are not broken.
[03:50] Right?
[03:50] And a fresh moves were happening fresh start on moves and all.
[03:54] Snow, Shopify, Daku, right, and a fourteen eight and all.
[03:58] So decide.
[03:59] There is nothing wrong with, like, any, focusing on broken stocks, but I think any too much noise is being made about that thing.
[04:08] Right?
[04:08] And it's too noisy a trade as far as I'm concerned.
[04:11] And especially when you have a broken stock, Baba, like, see.
[04:15] Now well established trend.
[04:17] Last time, like, in a this was, like and this could have been the best entry.
[04:20] Right?
[04:20] And I but don't have confidence.
[04:22] So, otherwise, like, an ace up now 13%.
[04:25] Right?
[04:26] So, either you can focus on broken stocks or you can focus on the stocks, which are basically coming out of this correction, and they are the new one, which are showing up.
[04:38] Right?
[04:38] So choice is yours.
[04:40] Like, ultimately, the the bank doesn't care whether you make money from a broken stock or whether you make it from a good stock.
[04:48] Right?
[04:48] And, basically so depending on whatever is your personal preference, I think a lot of these stocks which had this breakdown, right, they're just going to have a short term rally.
[05:00] And after the short term rally, they might again, like, have some sort of, like, an essay oracle.
[05:06] Right?
[05:06] And, that stock may flop around for some time, and then, like, an we'll have more selling or, like, in many of the other stocks which are in this particular category.
[05:17] Right?
[05:17] And, basically so, either way, you can decide to, like, in a trade something, which is broken, but, like, in a the volatility is there.
[05:28] There are good moves happening.
[05:29] Though yesterday, a lot of, like, in a rotation into good new moves.
[05:34] So I'm gonna I would, like, focus on that good moves rather than, like, any focus on, those kind of moves, basically.
[05:41] Right?
[05:41] So that brings me to my watch list, and my watch list is, like, you know, basically something which is, like, you know, basically Netflix, Tesla.
[05:50] Obviously, I am not going to be taking a trip today because in just, like, in a half an hour, I'm leaving for the airport.
[05:56] Right?
[05:57] And so there'll be no 10:00 meeting.
[05:59] Okay?
[06:00] So I have a flight to Las Vegas.
[06:02] So, Tesla, right, and this is what earnings is, today.
[06:06] Right?
[06:06] And I keep that in mind.
[06:08] Wells Fargo setting up very nicely, right, in a CoreMedia CoreMedics.
[06:13] Right?
[06:13] And, basically, Uber, MP, TEM, after this thing, Citigroup.
[06:21] Little bit damaged Citigroup yesterday, but, like, you know, let's see what happens.
[06:25] RTW and MicroStrategy.
[06:26] MicroStrategy, if the thing gets going, it will get going.
[06:30] Right?
[06:30] And so those are my, things.
[06:33] So any questions?
[06:42] Yeah.
[06:43] If you want to, you can wait for a fair decision.
[06:45] There might be a volatility induced by the Fed today.
[06:47] Right?
[06:48] And the Fed will into induce volatility that might get you stopped out.
[06:52] But if there is a good setup, it might work independent of the Fed, basically.
[06:57] Right?
[06:57] And most probably what yes.
[07:00] Right.
[07:00] And there might be volatility.
[07:01] The volatility might the first move after the Fed typically, sometimes is a false move.
[07:08] So there might be some stop might get hit because of that, basically.
[07:13] I I don't think anything is, like, surprising what the Fed is going to do.
[07:17] The market is not expecting anything dramatic right now, basically.
[07:20] So so any other question?
[07:32] FSI.
[07:32] FSI.
[07:34] Yeah.
[07:34] That's also a good like, you know, that's a good anticipate like, in a re delayed reaction.
[07:39] What is the catalyst?
[07:40] Right?
[07:40] And, basically, that you need to find out.
[07:42] Right?
[07:42] And, basically but that's a good one.
[07:44] Right?
[07:47] I didn't shot Oracle.
[07:49] Right?
[07:49] And I'm watching Oracle as a delayed reaction shot.
[07:53] Right?
[07:54] And it means like an what is a delayed reaction shot?
[07:57] Good example was that mobile eye.
[07:59] Right?
[07:59] And the mobile eye, drops down here.
[08:02] Right?
[08:02] It makes couple of days a week effort, and then this is where I shorted it.
[08:07] Right?
[08:07] And, again, I shorted it here.
[08:09] Right, so that's what you want to do on many of these stocks, not only like in a Oracle, but many of these stocks, if they don't really rally, right, Ani, basically.
[08:20] There is no change in AI narrative.
[08:22] Right, Ani?
[08:22] There is no change in AI narrative, EP.
[08:24] That EP is, like, in a valid, unfortunately, people if there is a basic change of story, right, paradigm has shifted in that industry.
[08:34] Right?
[08:35] Paradigm has shifted.
[08:36] It takes time for people to recognize that, there is, like, any, paradigm has shifted.
[08:43] Right?
[08:44] People don't want to believe that paradigm has shifted.
[08:46] Right?
[08:47] Lot of people don't want to believe that.
[08:49] That is why paradigms, like, you know, when they shift, like, in a gesture it's a innovative disruption.
[08:55] Right?
[08:56] It's a innovative disruption.
[08:57] The whole logic, based on which people were making investment, that thesis has been challenged.
[09:03] Right?
[09:04] So so as a result of that, there'll be a fallout of that, and it's not going to be a one day fallout.
[09:11] Right?
[09:11] It's not going to be a one day fallout.
[09:15] There is no value in 20% study on a day to day basis.
[09:19] The only time 20% study has meaningful value is when it is at extreme.
[09:25] Always remember, breadth, like t two one zero eight, looking at it on a daily basis is useless.
[09:31] Right?
[09:32] Only time when you should be looking at breadth is when it is either extremely positive or extremely negative, and extremely negative breadth is extremely positive.
[09:42] So whenever breadth is extremely negative, that's very good, right, and, basically so that's what happens, right, and, basically.
[09:50] So there has been no change in narrative.
[09:56] Right?
[09:56] And that narrative has not changed.
[09:58] Right?
[09:58] And there will be people who are affected by it.
[10:01] They're fighting it.
[10:02] There are people who are very, really invested in this old hypothesis.
[10:05] There are always people who are invested in a old way of doing things.
[10:09] Right?
[10:09] If people are invested in, like, old way of doing the fossil industry, the oil and gas industry, do do they want to accept that there is something like an a, solar energy might overtake them or some other energy might overtake them?
[10:24] No.
[10:24] Because they're invested in their industry.
[10:26] They're invested in their dirty way of making oil.
[10:29] Right?
[10:30] So they're not gonna change.
[10:31] That's the same thing.
[10:32] Right?
[10:32] The things are changed.
[10:35] It doesn't matter.
[10:36] It's a open source model.
[10:38] Right?
[10:39] What it has to, like and what it has done is several startups, right, which were working on AI would change their model to open source, and they will also copy the same thing.
[10:51] Right?
[10:52] So, you are just and how does it matter to us?
[10:56] Tell me.
[10:56] Right?
[10:57] Whether DeepSick is not used by American company.
[10:59] Are you in the business of understanding AI business, or are you in the business of making money?
[11:09] What business are we in?
[11:11] Making money.
[11:12] Right?
[11:12] So where is the trade in that?
[11:14] Right?
[11:15] That's what we are to see.
[11:17] Right?
[11:17] What is the check rate?
[11:19] And what was the trade yesterday?
[11:20] The trade was like in a software company started going up.
[11:24] The market is clearly telling you what is the trade.
[11:26] Right?
[11:26] So why are you worried about I don't have even the capacity to understand any one of these llama, whatever names they give, crazy names to, all these things.
[11:36] And I have yet to see any at a retail trader retail based, application of these, charge ChargeGPT or AI, which is like an a really useful for us kind of a thing.
[11:50] Right?
[11:51] It's all Fugazi currently.
[11:53] It's all Fugazi.
[11:54] Right?
[11:54] And there there is like an nothing I have you should see.
[11:58] Right?
[11:59] And yesterday, somebody, enabled the, AI based summary on Zoom, and I was reading the AI based summary.
[12:09] It emailed me that e AI based summary.
[12:11] If you read that AI based summary, it's comedy.
[12:15] Right?
[12:17] It cannot even like, in a what I'm speaking, it cannot even translate into, like, an it says, look in a episodes of this thing.
[12:25] Just go and see what, like, in a how much, like, in a it's not it's not even like in a, it's like in a it makes up stuff which doesn't exist, which I said.
[12:36] Right?
[12:36] It makes up stuff which doesn't exist.
[12:38] Right?
[12:39] So, at the moment, this is all, like, in a is AI real?
[12:46] Yes.
[12:46] Will it affect or is here, this thing?
[12:48] Yes.
[12:48] But at the moment, there is no user user case study where I see that it is actually helping somebody.
[12:55] Right?
[12:55] Whatever people are doing, writing, stuff using AI and all, you read the stuff is there written using AI.
[13:02] You know, this is fake.
[13:03] Right?
[13:04] All these Chinese girls who are sending photographs and all, you look at one for one look and you know it's fake.
[13:11] Right?
[13:12] So it's all like Fugazi currently.
[13:14] Right?
[13:15] Yeah.
[13:19] Yeah.
[13:21] It's all like an egg.
[13:22] So so why are we worried about it?
[13:24] Like, how do we make money?
[13:25] We make money by, like, buying things like this, Lululemon, right, and selling it on a fourth or fifth day or third day.
[13:36] Right?
[13:36] We make money by buying something like crowd yesterday.
[13:40] Right?
[13:41] We make money by, like, in a something which is like that.
[13:44] And how how does it affect to me?
[13:45] I do just don't even know.
[13:47] Right?
[13:47] And I will say so that's it.
[13:55] Right?
[13:58] Okay.
[13:59] I will see you people.
[14:01] Not like any I will not see you for a couple of days, so you can have a break.
[14:05] And, how oh, man.
[14:12] Netflix didn't had, like, a breakout.
[14:15] Right?
[14:15] And I am it is still in my watch list.
[14:17] Right?
[14:17] Right.
[14:20] Okay.
[14:21] I will see you people sometime next week.
[14:23] Right?
[14:23] And some of you, I'll see you some some of you, I'll see you tomorrow.
[14:26] Some of you, I'll see you day after tomorrow.
[14:29] Right?